---
layout: post
title: "London"
date: 2025-05-27
categories: blog
tags: [London]
---

# Just a trip for shoes.

A few days ago, mildly hungover and majorly tired, I set off on a “mission” to a shoe shop in central London. For the first time in a while, I ventured into the “tourist city” — and I’m so glad I did.

## The past frequent excursions

When I first moved to London in 2021, I was driven to explore it as much as possible. Like anyone, that meant revisiting some of the tourist traps I’d once been trapped in — but now as a local. And if anything, I think I appreciate them more now. There's less of a rushed urgency; instead, there’s this quiet sense of, *“I live here.”* 

While I still think the stock-photo parts of London will always feel slightly separate, I feel differently about them now — all for the better. I don’t think this feeling is unique to me, but I think it’s worth acknowledging.

## Privilege

I cannot overstate how privileged I am to live in London. Even as a student, much of my drive to *do stuff* in this great city comes from knowing I have a rare chance — one that might not be permanent (though I dearly hope to live here long-term).

## Running shoes

I went in the early afternoon to pick up some new running shoes — a birthday treat. Thankfully, the shop I visited actually had stock (unlike the day before). I spoke with a lovely member of staff who quickly made me realise how little I knew about shoes, running shoes... or even how to tie my laces properly! (See: runner’s knot.)

He gave me some great advice, and while I didn’t leave with a specific pair, I left with a clear direction.

## National Portrait Gallery

Afterwards, I wandered through Covent Garden — overwhelming even at its quietest — caught an impromptu street dancing session, and ended up near Trafalgar Square. 

I decided, on a whim, to pop into the National Portrait Gallery. I hadn’t been to a museum or gallery in ages. Other than their awkward bag policy, it was a flawless experience. With no need to rush or “get my money’s worth” (it’s free, after all), I wandered the rooms for about 40 minutes, adored the sculptures, pretended to engage with some grand military portraits, and left feeling like I’d done something — something just for me.

Thank you, London.

—Pip
